Fix client config location for OIDC (#4083)
owncloud/docs: modules/admin_manual/pages/configuration/user/oidc/oidc.adoc

. Once service discovery is available as described above, the ownCloud clients will attempt to connect via OpenID Connect.

== General Example Setup

> All IdPs have their own setup, but often share common ways configuring things. Even not identical, looking at the xref:example-setup-using-kopano-konnect[Kopano Konnect] example may be a good starting point for the specific configuration of your setup. As Microsoft with Azure is different, it has its own example section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All IdPs have their own setup, but often share common ways configuring things. Although not identical, the xref:example-setup-using-kopano-konnect[Kopano Konnect] example may be a good starting point for the specific configuration of your setup. As Microsoft with Azure is different, it has its own example section.
```

| iOS     | >= 1.2
|===

> === Client ID's, Secrets and Redirect URI's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Client IDs, Secrets and Redirect URIs
```

> All IdPs can use ownCloud's default implemented _Client ID's, Secrets and Redirect URI's_ with the exeption of Microsoft, which uses a different approach. Here is the data necessary for the configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All IdPs can use ownCloud's default implemented _Client IDs, Secrets and Redirect URIs_ with the exception of Microsoft, which uses a different approach. Here is the data necessary for the configuration.
```
